`ToggleButton` prop deprecation (#1701)
iTwin/stratakit: apps/website/src/content/docs/components/mui/Button.md

Modifications to `ButtonBase` (applies to all MUI components that extend `ButtonBase`):

> - The `action` prop is deprecated and should not be used.

Author: ```suggestion
- The `action` prop is not supported.
```

- The `LinkComponent` prop is not supported. Use the more flexible `render` prop instead.

> - Ripple effect removed. The `centerRipple`, `disableRipple`, `disableTouchRipple`, `focusRipple`, `TouchRippleProps` and `touchRippleRef` props are deprecated.

Author: ```suggestion
- Ripple effect removed. The `centerRipple`, `disableRipple`, `disableTouchRipple`, `focusRipple`, `TouchRippleProps` and `touchRippleRef` props are not supported.
```
